RULE THE UNIVERSE was a "game" (I will use the term loosely) that I made as
a child.  I must have been around 6 or 7.

I'd just gotten a plastic shape template with various sized squares, circles,
triangles, and ovals...and was eager to apply it.  Armed with a glue stick,
some cardboard, a pencil and a red Pilot pen...I undertook a massive
piece-making effort:

	https://raw.github.com/hostilefork/teenage-coding/master/BRIDGES/rule-the-universe-plain.jpg

	https://raw.github.com/hostilefork/teenage-coding/master/BRIDGES/rule-the-universe-red.jpg

The red pen was too hard to work with for drawing, so I used it to accent one
team to differentiate them.  Only the pieces survive, but there were also tons
of "planets" drawn on loose-leaf notebook paper, divided into coarse grids.

By the time I'd finished making all the pieces and planets I think I'd lost
interest in figuring out any rules.  Where I was going was sort of a
turn-based strategy game, and players would kind of battle each other.  It
never got to that point.

Finding the pieces after three decades, I find them very funny.  I decided to
scan them and repackage them in a little box with some instructions.

---

                       RULE THE UNIVERSE
                      for 0 to 20 players
                          2013 edition

        "This universe isn't big enough for the twenty of us."
                Joe Redfoot, a.k.a "Square One"

A freak radiation accident at the Space Olympics of 2208 caused half of the
universe's population to mutate.  Now it's gymnast-vs-gymnast in an
all out war for control of the cosmos!

Which side will you choose?  Team Square are the mutants, who lack some
advanced technology (like as the Orb of Outrageous Annihilation).  But
to their advantage are their greater numbers...as well as a talent for
infiltration.

This epic battle spans as many crayon planets as there are sheets of
loose-leaf notebook paper in a pack**!  Start by choosing a home planet to
place your team's Shard on.  Then expand your reach, building Houses and
Reactors.  When you've built enough structures to form a city, fortify
them by shrinking them into snow globes.

The battle heats up as territories are claimed and the armies battle for
dominance.  Visit vulnerable enemy planets with your Bulldozer, Tank, and
Plane... scorching land and sky with your six bombs and bullets.

Who will be smart enough, flexible enough, and ruthless enough?  Will
Team Circle spot the spy in time?!?  Only you can determine the outcome
of who will RULE THE UNIVERSE!

---
** Crayon planets sold separately in the 2013 edition.
---