This isn't strictly "teenage coding", but rather a transcription of the Q & A
from a game I made for a science class.  It was one of those generic grab-bag
situations where you're measuring electric current one day and then looking
at dry ice the next.  You know the class.

The work wasn't dated, but I'm pretty sure it was 7th grade.  I'd have been
12 or 13 at the time.

This game was for up to 4 players and was called "Bridges of Knowledge".

	https://raw.github.com/hostilefork/teenage-coding/master/BRIDGES/bridges-game-photo.jpg

It was modeled after a game I'd had as a younger child called "The Allowance
Game".  This game is still being made:

    http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/7399/the-allowance-game

However one of the key aspects I copied doesn't seem to be in it anymore.
That's the idea that each player has three two-sided tiles representing
their "Learning Log", "Lab Book", and "Science Notebook" which can be
in an organized or disorganized state.  The game can only be won if you
reach the multiple-choice test in the middle with all three of them in the 
good state.  This is achieved by landing on the corresponding squares,
answering questions along the way.

(In the Allowance Game, it was something like "Room Clean" vs "Room Messy"
and you'd only get a full allowance when you passed "Go" if all your tiles
were in the "good" state.)

The four categories of questions were electricity, Newtonian physics,
chemistry, and optics.  The player pieces were represented by a battery,
a screw, a rock, and a lightbulb.  Ostensibly those were supposed to also
represent their respective categories.  

Each category of question had about 80 cards, with 8 cards in each category
having illustrations.  The illustrated cards were a bit bigger than the
standard ones, and folded over to cover the answer; so that the person
asking the question could show it to the player without giving it away.
I only bothered to scan the illustrated cards, and typed in the rest.

(The annals of history do not need to preserve more of my bad handwriting.)

Amusingly, in realizing that these cards were different sizes, I remembered
that I had cut them out--by hand.  Hundreds upon hundreds of custom-size
cards cut from larger paper.  Who has that kind of patience??

While the number of questions is impressive, the questions themselves
are just sort of parroting whatever weird terminology and bag-of-facts 
they teach kids.  You wind up with things like:

    q: {What has mass and takes up space?}

The answer you're supposed to give is "matter".  But these days I would
answer something like "your mom", and be perfectly correct.  There are
also a lot of questions that specifically reference things used in class,
such as a battery we created, a pinhole camera, or something called
a "Dial-O-Gram".

As with most of the games I made when I was a kid, there's not a lot of
balance or playability.  To be fair; I was only copying the bad random
gameplay given to kids at the time.  Archiving it for entertainment
purposes only.